---
title: Manage space members
---

# Managing Space Members

In **undb**, collaboration is made seamless by allowing you to invite others to join your Space. As the founder of a Space, you start as the sole member, but you can easily expand your team by inviting others via email and managing their roles.

## Default Member

- **Founder as Default Member**: When a Space is created, the founder is automatically added as the first member with full administrative rights.

## Inviting New Members

1. **Sending Invitations**: To add new members to your Space, navigate to the Space’s settings page and find the **Invite Members** section. Enter the email addresses of the people you want to invite.

2. **Assigning Roles**: When inviting someone, assign them one of the following roles:

   - **Admin**: Full access to manage the Space, including inviting/removing members and changing Space settings.
   - **Editor**: Ability to create and modify Bases and Tables and manage data within the Space. This is the default role.
   - **Viewer**: Can view data within the Space but cannot make changes.

   Detailed permissions for each role can be found in the [Roles and Permissions Documentation](#).

3. **Email Notification**: Once you send the invitation, the invitee will receive an email notification with instructions on how to join **undb** and accept the invitation.

## Managing Invitations

- **Checking Invitation Status**: Track the status of your invitations via the settings page. The **Invite Members** section displays whether an invitee has accepted the invitation or if it’s still pending.

- **Deleting Invitations**: You can delete an invitation before it’s accepted if necessary.

## Managing Members

- **Joining the Space**: Once an invitee accepts the invitation, they are automatically added to your Space with the assigned role. If no specific role was assigned, the invitee will default to the **Editor** role.

- **Removing Members**: As an Admin, you can remove members from the Space if they no longer need access. To remove a member, go to the Space’s settings, select the member, and choose the remove option. This action will revoke their access to the Space and its contents.

By managing your Space members effectively in **undb**, you can ensure a collaborative environment while maintaining control over who has access to your data. Whether adding, monitoring, or removing members, **undb** gives you the tools to manage your Space with ease.
